destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture CircleCollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
destroying fixture boxcollider
Entity: Bullet#4 , was in contact with: Astroid#1
Astroid collided with: Bullet#4
1
